# CyberSource.Model.GetSubscriptionsPaymentsResponseSubscriptionPayment
## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**Id** | **string** | Identifier assigned by Recurring Billing to uniquely reference this billing cycle&#39;s payment, distinct from the Cybersource transactionID. | [optional] 
**Status** | **string** | The current status of the payment.  Possible values:    - SCHEDULED    - PAID   - FAILED   - SKIPPED   - SCHEDULED_SKIPPED  | [optional] 
**PaymentType** | **string** | The type of payment. Possible values: - STANDARD - RETRY  | [optional] 
**TransactionID** | **string** | An unique identification number generated by Cybersource to identify the submitted request. Returned by all services. It is also appended to the endpoint of the resource. On incremental authorizations, this value with be the same as the identification number returned in the original authorization response.  | [optional] 
**Date** | **DateTime?** | The date and time of the payment processing. | [optional] 
**Currency** | **string** | Currency used for the order. Use the three-character [ISO Standard Currency Codes.](http://apps.cybersource.com/library/documentation/sbc/quickref/currencies.pdf)  #### Used by **Authorization** Required field.  **Authorization Reversal** For an authorization reversal (&#x60;reversalInformation&#x60;) or a capture (&#x60;processingOptions.capture&#x60; is set to &#x60;true&#x60;), you must use the same currency that you used in your payment authorization request.  #### PIN Debit Currency for the amount you requested for the PIN debit purchase. This value is returned for partial authorizations. The issuing bank can approve a partial amount if the balance on the debit card is less than the requested transaction amount. For the possible values, see the [ISO Standard Currency Codes](https://developer.cybersource.com/library/documentation/sbc/quickref/currencies.pdf). Returned by PIN debit purchase.  For PIN debit reversal requests, you must use the same currency that was used for the PIN debit purchase or PIN debit credit that you are reversing. For the possible values, see the [ISO Standard Currency Codes](https://developer.cybersource.com/library/documentation/sbc/quickref/currencies.pdf).  Required field for PIN Debit purchase and PIN Debit credit requests. Optional field for PIN Debit reversal requests.  #### GPX This field is optional for reversing an authorization or credit.  #### DCC for First Data Your local currency.  #### Tax Calculation Required for international tax and value added tax only. Optional for U.S. and Canadian taxes. Your local currency.  | [optional] 
**BillingStartDate** | **DateTime?** | The start date of the billing cycle for this payment. | [optional] 
**BillingEndDate** | **DateTime?** | The end date of the billing cycle for this payment. | [optional] 
**BillingCycle** | **string** | The billing cycle number. | [optional] 
**PaymentNumber** | **string** | The sequential number of the payment in the subscription. | [optional] 
**BillingAmount** | **string** | The amount billed for this payment. | [optional] 
**SetupFee** | **string** | The setup fee associated with the payment. | [optional] 
**SurchargeAmount** | **string** | The surcharge amount, if any. | [optional] 
**SurchargeDescription** | **string** | The description for the surcharge. | [optional] 
**Modifiable** | **bool?** | Indicates if the payment is modifiable, meaning it can be skipped or restored. | [optional] 

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)

