# CyberSource.Model.Ptsv1pullfundstransferSenderInformationConsumerAuthenticationStrongAuthentication
## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**LowValueExemptionIndicator** | **string** | This field will contain the low value exemption indicator with one of the following values:   Possible values: - &#x60;0&#x60; ( low value exemption does not apply to the transaction) - &#x60;1&#x60; (Transaction exempt from SCA as the merchant/acquirer has determined it to be a low value payment)  Only applicable for SCA participants. Only one of the SCA flags (&#x60;senderInformation.consumerAuthentication.strongAuthentication.*&#x60;) may be supplied at once.  | [optional] 
**RiskAnalysisExemptionIndicator** | **string** | This field will contain the transaction risk analysis exemption indicator with one of the following values:   Possible values: - &#x60;0&#x60; (TRA exemption does not apply to the transaction) - &#x60;1&#x60; (Transaction exempt from SCA as the merchant/acquirer has determined it to be low risk in accordance with the criteria defined by PSD2/RTS)  Only applicable for SCA participants. Only one of the SCA flags (&#x60;senderInformation.consumerAuthentication.strongAuthentication.*&#x60;) may be supplied at once.  | [optional] 
**TrustedMerchantExemptionIndicator** | **string** | Possible values: - &#x60;0&#x60; (Trusted merchant exemption does not apply to the transaction) - &#x60;1&#x60; (Transaction exempt from SCA as it originated at a merchant trusted by the cardholder)  Only applicable for SCA participants. Only one of the SCA flags (&#x60;senderInformation.consumerAuthentication.strongAuthentication.*&#x60;) may be supplied at once.  | [optional] 
**SecureCorporatePaymentIndicator** | **string** | This field will contain the secure corporate payment exemption indicator with one of the following values:   Possible values: - &#x60;0&#x60; (SCA exemption does not apply to the transaction) - &#x60;1&#x60; (Transaction exempt from SCA as the merchant/acquirer has determined it as a secure corporate payment)  Only applicable for SCA participants. Only one of the SCA flags (&#x60;senderInformation.consumerAuthentication.strongAuthentication.*&#x60;) may be supplied at once.  | [optional] 
**DelegatedAuthenticationExemptionIndicator** | **string** | This field will contain the delegated authentication exemption indicator with one of the following values:   Possible values: - &#x60;0&#x60; (delegated Authentication exemption does not apply to the transaction) - &#x60;1&#x60; (Transaction exempt from SCA as authentication has been delegated to other provider (PSP,Acquirer))  Only applicable for SCA participants. Only one of the SCA flags (&#x60;senderInformation.consumerAuthentication.strongAuthentication.*&#x60;) may be supplied at once.  | [optional] 

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)

