# CyberSource.Model.PtsV2PaymentsRefundPost201ResponseProcessorInformation
## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**ApprovalCode** | **string** | Authorization code. Returned only when the processor returns this value.  The length of this value depends on your processor.  Returned by authorization service.  #### PIN debit Authorization code that is returned by the processor.  Returned by PIN debit credit.  #### Elavon Encrypted Account Number Program The returned value is OFFLINE.  #### TSYS Acquiring Solutions The returned value for a successful zero amount authorization is 000000.  | [optional] 
**TransactionId** | **string** | Network transaction identifier (TID). You can use this value to identify a specific transaction when you are discussing the transaction with your processor. Not all processors provide this value.  Returned by the authorization service.  #### PIN debit Transaction identifier generated by the processor.  Returned by PIN debit credit.  #### GPX Processor transaction ID.  #### Cielo For Cielo, this value is the non-sequential unit (NSU) and is supported for all transactions. The value is generated by Cielo or the issuing bank.  #### Comercio Latino For Comercio Latino, this value is the proof of sale or non-sequential unit (NSU) number generated by the acquirers Cielo and Rede, or the issuing bank.  #### CyberSource through VisaNet and GPN For details about this value for CyberSource through VisaNet and GPN, see \&quot;processorInformation.networkTransactionId\&quot; in [REST API Fields](https://developer.cybersource.com/content/dam/docs/cybs/en-us/apifields/reference/all/rest/api-fields.pdf)  #### Moneris This value identifies the transaction on a host system. It contains the following information: - Terminal used to process the transaction - Shift during which the transaction took place - Batch number - Transaction number within the batch You must store this value. If you give the customer a receipt, display this value on the receipt.  **Example** For the value 66012345001069003: - Terminal ID &#x3D; 66012345 - Shift number &#x3D; 001 - Batch number &#x3D; 069 - Transaction number &#x3D; 003  | [optional] 
**ForwardedAcquirerCode** | **string** | Name of the Japanese acquirer that processed the transaction. Returned only for JCN Gateway. Please contact the CyberSource Japan Support Group for more information.  | [optional] 
**MerchantNumber** | **string** | Identifier that was assigned to you by your acquirer. This value must be printed on the receipt.  #### Returned by Authorizations and Credits.  This reply field is only supported by merchants who have installed client software on their POS terminals and use these processors: - American Express Direct - Credit Mutuel-CIC - FDC Nashville Global - OmniPay Direct - SIX  | [optional] 
**ResponseCode** | **string** | For most processors, this is the error message sent directly from the bank. Returned only when the processor returns this value.  **Important** Do not use this field to evaluate the result of the authorization.  #### PIN debit Response value that is returned by the processor or bank. **Important** Do not use this field to evaluate the results of the transaction request.  Returned by PIN debit credit, PIN debit purchase, and PIN debit reversal.  #### AIBMS If this value is &#x60;08&#x60;, you can accept the transaction if the customer provides you with identification.  #### Atos This value is the response code sent from Atos and it might also include the response code from the bank. Format: &#x60;aa,bb&#x60; with the two values separated by a comma and where: - &#x60;aa&#x60; is the two-digit error message from Atos. - &#x60;bb&#x60; is the optional two-digit error message from the bank.  #### Comercio Latino This value is the status code and the error or response code received from the processor separated by a colon. Format: [status code]:E[error code] or [status code]:R[response code] Example &#x60;2:R06&#x60;  #### JCN Gateway Processor-defined detail error code. The associated response category code is in the &#x60;processorInformation.responseCategoryCode&#x60; field. String (3)  #### paypalgateway Processor generated ID for the itemized detail.  | [optional] 
**ResponseSourceCode** | **string** | This field is used by Visa only and contains the response source/reason code that identifies the source of the field 39 response decision. Use this field only for clearing with your acquirer.  | [optional] 
**AchVerification** | [**PtsV2PaymentsPost201ResponseProcessorInformationAchVerification**](PtsV2PaymentsPost201ResponseProcessorInformationAchVerification.md) |  | [optional] 
**NetworkTransactionId** | **string** | Same value as &#x60;processorInformation.transactionId&#x60; | [optional] 
**SettlementDate** | **string** | Field contains a settlement date. The date is in mmdd format, where: mm &#x3D; month and dd &#x3D; day.  | [optional] 
**UpdateTimeUtc** | **string** | The date and time when the transaction was last updated, in Internet date and time format.  | [optional] 
**Network** | [**Ptsv2paymentsProcessorInformationReversalNetwork**](Ptsv2paymentsProcessorInformationReversalNetwork.md) |  | [optional] 
**MerchantAdvice** | [**PtsV2PaymentsRefundPost201ResponseProcessorInformationMerchantAdvice**](PtsV2PaymentsRefundPost201ResponseProcessorInformationMerchantAdvice.md) |  | [optional] 

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)

