# CyberSource.Model.PullFunds201ResponseProcessorInformation
## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**SystemTraceAuditNumber** | **string** | This field is returned by authorization and incremental authorization services. System trace number that must be printed on the customer&#39;s receipt.  | [optional] 
**ApprovalCode** | **string** | Issuer-generated approval code for the transaction.  | [optional] 
**ResponseCode** | **string** | Transaction status from the processor.  | [optional] 
**TransactionId** | **string** | Network transaction identifier (TID). This value can be used to identify a specific transaction when you are discussing the transaction with your processor.  | [optional] 
**ConsumerAuthenticationResponse** | [**PullFunds201ResponseProcessorInformationConsumerAuthenticationResponse**](PullFunds201ResponseProcessorInformationConsumerAuthenticationResponse.md) |  | [optional] 
**RetrievalReferenceNumber** | **string** | This field contains a number that is used with other data elements as a key to identify and track all messages related to a given cardholder transaction; that is, to a given transaction set.  Recommended format: ydddhhnnnnnn   Positions 1-4: The yddd equivalent of the date, where y &#x3D; 0-9 and ddd &#x3D; 001 – 366.  Positions 5-12: A unique identification number generated by the merchant or assigned by Cybersource.  | [optional] 
**Avs** | [**PullFunds201ResponseProcessorInformationAvs**](PullFunds201ResponseProcessorInformationAvs.md) |  | [optional] 
**ResponseDetails** | **string** | This field might contain information about a decline.  | [optional] 

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)

