# CyberSource.Model.TokenizedcardRequest
## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**Links** | [**Tmsv2TokenizedCardLinks**](Tmsv2TokenizedCardLinks.md) |  | [optional] 
**Id** | **string** | The Id of the Tokenized Card.  | [optional] 
**Object** | **string** | The type. Possible Values: - tokenizedCard  | [optional] 
**AccountReferenceId** | **string** | An identifier provided by the issuer for the account.  | [optional] 
**ConsumerId** | **string** | Identifier of the consumer within the wallet. Maximum 24 characters for VTS. | [optional] 
**CreateInstrumentIdentifier** | **bool?** | Specifies whether the InstrumentId should be created (true) or not (false). Possible Values: - &#x60;true&#x60;: The InstrumentId should be created. - &#x60;false&#x60;: The InstrumentId should be created.  | [optional] 
**Source** | **string** | Source of the payment instrument. Possible Values: - ONFILE - TOKEN - ISSUER  | [optional] 
**State** | **string** | State of the network token or network token provision. Possible Values:   ACTIVE : Network token is active.   SUSPENDED : Network token is suspended. This state can change back to ACTIVE.   DELETED : This is a final state for a network token instance.   UNPROVISIONED : A previous network token.  | [optional] 
**Reason** | **string** | Issuers state for the network token Possible Values: - INVALID_REQUEST : The network token provision request contained invalid data. - CARD_VERIFICATION_FAILED : The network token provision request contained data that could not be verified. - CARD_NOT_ELIGIBLE : Card can currently not be used with issuer for tokenization. - CARD_NOT_ALLOWED : Card can currently not be used with card association for tokenization. - DECLINED : Card can currently not be used with issuer for tokenization. - SERVICE_UNAVAILABLE : The network token service was unavailable or timed out. - SYSTEM_ERROR : An unexpected error occurred with network token service, check configuration.  | [optional] 
**Number** | **string** | The token requestor&#39;s network token for the provided PAN and consumer Id, if available.  | [optional] 
**ExpirationMonth** | **string** | Two-digit month in which the network token expires. Format: &#x60;MM&#x60;. Possible Values: &#x60;01&#x60; through &#x60;12&#x60;.  | [optional] 
**ExpirationYear** | **string** | Four-digit year in which the network token expires. Format: &#x60;YYYY&#x60;.  | [optional] 
**Type** | **string** | The type of card (Card Network). Possible Values: - visa - mastercard - americanexpress  | [optional] 
**Cryptogram** | **string** | Value generated by the card association to be used alongside the network token for processing a payment.  | [optional] 
**SecurityCode** | **string** | 4-digit number generated by the card association to be used alogside the network token for processing a payment. Only supported for Amex and SCOF.  | [optional] 
**Eci** | **string** | Raw Electronic Commerce Indicator provided by the card association with the result of the cardholder authentication.  | [optional] 
**RequestorId** | **string** | 11-digit identifier that uniquely identifies the Token Requestor.  | [optional] 
**EnrollmentId** | **string** | Unique id to identify this PAN/ enrollment.  | [optional] 
**TokenReferenceId** | **string** | Unique ID for netwrok token.  | [optional] 
**PaymentAccountReference** | **string** | Payment account reference.  | [optional] 
**Card** | [**Tmsv2TokenizedCardCard**](Tmsv2TokenizedCardCard.md) |  | [optional] 
**Passcode** | [**Tmsv2TokenizedCardPasscode**](Tmsv2TokenizedCardPasscode.md) |  | [optional] 
**Metadata** | [**Tmsv2TokenizedCardMetadata**](Tmsv2TokenizedCardMetadata.md) |  | [optional] 

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)

